Allow assets to be optional in spacy project (#10714)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/usage/projects.md

replacing the `url` string with a `git` block. spaCy will use Git's "sparse
checkout" feature to avoid downloading the whole repository.

> Sometimes your project configuration may include large assets that you don't
> necessarily want to download every time you run `spacy project assets`. That's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes your project configuration may include large assets that you don't
necessarily want to download when you run `spacy project assets`. That's
```
I'd like to remove the "every time" because typically, `spacy project assets` shouldn't be redownloading assets that were already downloaded before, so that repetitive nature is already prevented in general.

Reviewer: (if the suggestion is accepted I'm afraid you'll have to re-run `prettier` as well, sorry!)
